# Work with ENDPOINTS_SERVICE via terraform

A terraform module for making ENDPOINTS_SERVICE.


## Usage
----------------------
Import the module and retrieve with ```terraform get``` or ```terraform get --update```. Adding a module resource to your template, e.g. `main.tf`:

```
#
# MAINTAINER Vitaliy Natarov "vitaliy.natarov@yahoo.com"
#
terraform {
  required_version = "~> 0.13"
}

provider "google" {
  credentials = file("/Users/captain/.config/gcloud/creds/terraform_creds.json")
  project     = "terraform-2018"
  region      = "us-east1"
}

module "endpoints_service" {
  source = "../../modules/endpoints_service"

  # Use openapi
  enable_endpoints_service_openapi = true
  openapi_config                   = "files/openapi_spec.yml"
  #
  # Use grpc
  #enable_endpoints_service_grpc        = true
  #grpc_config                         = "files/service_spec.yml"
  #protoc_output_base64                = "files/compiled_descriptor_file.pb"

  service_name = "api-name.endpoints.terraform-2018.cloud.goog"
}

```

## Module Input Variables
----------------------
- `project` - (Optional) The project ID that the service belongs to. If not provided, provider project is used. (`default = ""`)
- `enable_endpoints_service_openapi` - Enable endpoints service openapi usage (`default = false`)
- `openapi_config` - (Optional) The full text of the OpenAPI YAML configuration as described. Set path to openapi config file. Ex: openapi_spec.yml. (`default = ""`)
- `enable_endpoints_service_grpc` - Enable endpoints service grpc usage (`default = false`)
- `grpc_config` - (Optional) The full text of the Service Config YAML file (Example located here). If provided, must also provide protoc_output. open_api config must not be provided. Set path to grpc config file. Ex: service_spec.yml (`default = ""`)
- `protoc_output_base64` - (Optional) The full contents of the Service Descriptor File generated by protoc. This should be a compiled .pb file, base64-encoded. Set path to protoc output file. Ex: compiled_descriptor_file.pb (`default = ""`)
- `service_name` - (Required) The name of the service. Usually of the form $apiname.endpoints.$projectid.cloud.goog. (`default = ""`)

## Module Output Variables
----------------------
- `google_endpoints_service_openapi_id` - ID
- `google_endpoints_service_openapi_endpoints` - endpoints
- `google_endpoints_service_openapi_dns_address` - dns_address
- `google_endpoints_service_openapi_apis` - apis
- `google_endpoints_service_grpc_id` - ID
- `google_endpoints_service_grpc_endpoints` - endpoints
- `google_endpoints_service_grpc_dns_address` - dns_address
- `google_endpoints_service_grpc_apis` - apis


## Authors

Created and maintained by [Vitaliy Natarov](https://github.com/SebastianUA). An email: [vitaliy.natarov@yahoo.com](vitaliy.natarov@yahoo.com).

## License

Apache 2 Licensed. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/SebastianUA/terraform/blob/master/LICENSE) for full details.
