# Work with IAM_PROVIDER via terraform

A terraform module for making IAM_PROVIDER.


## Usage
----------------------
Import the module and retrieve with ```terraform get``` or ```terraform get --update```. Adding a module resource to your template, e.g. `main.tf`:

```
#
# MAINTAINER Vitaliy Natarov "vitaliy.natarov@yahoo.com"
#
terraform {
  required_version = "~> 1.0"
}

provider "aws" {
  region  = "us-east-1"
  profile = "default"
}

module "iam_provider" {
  source      = "../../modules/iam_provider"
  name        = "TEST-AIM-provider"
  environment = "stage"

  # Using IAM openID provider
  enable_iam_openid_connect_provider          = true
  iam_openid_connect_provider_url             = "https://accounts.google.com"
  iam_openid_connect_provider_client_id_list  = ["266362248691-342342xasdasdasda-apps.googleusercontent.com"]
  iam_openid_connect_provider_thumbprint_list = []

  # Using SAML provider
  enable_iam_saml_provider                 = true
  iam_saml_provider_name                   = ""
  iam_saml_provider_saml_metadata_document = file("additional_files/saml-metadata.xml")
}

```

## Module Input Variables
----------------------
- `name` - Name to be used on all resources as prefix (`default = TEST`)
- `environment` - Environment for service (`default = STAGE`)
- `enable_iam_openid_connect_provider` - Enable IAM openID connect provider usage (`default = False`)
- `iam_openid_connect_provider_url` - (Required) The URL of the identity provider. Corresponds to the iss claim. Ex: https://accounts.google.com (`default = ""`)
- `iam_openid_connect_provider_client_id_list` - (Required) A list of client IDs (also known as audiences). When a mobile or web app registers with an OpenID Connect provider, they establish a value that identifies the application. (This is the value that's sent as the client_id parameter on OAuth requests.) (`default = []`)
- `iam_openid_connect_provider_thumbprint_list` - (Required) A list of server certificate thumbprints for the OpenID Connect (OIDC) identity provider's server certificate(s). (`default = []`)
- `enable_iam_saml_provider` - Enable IAM SAML provider usage (`default = False`)
- `iam_saml_provider_name` - The name of the provider to create. (`default = ""`)
- `iam_saml_provider_saml_metadata_document` - (Required) An XML document generated by an identity provider that supports SAML 2.0. (`default = ""`)

## Module Output Variables
----------------------
- `iam_openid_connect_provider_id` - ID
- `iam_openid_connect_provider_arn` - The ARN assigned by AWS for this provider.
- `iam_saml_provider_arn` - The ARN assigned by AWS for this provider.
- `iam_saml_provider_valid_until` - The expiration date and time for the SAML provider in RFC1123 format, e.g. Mon, 02 Jan 2006 15:04:05 MST.


## Authors

Created and maintained by [Vitaliy Natarov](https://github.com/SebastianUA). An email: [vitaliy.natarov@yahoo.com](vitaliy.natarov@yahoo.com).

## License

Apache 2 Licensed. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/SebastianUA/terraform/blob/master/LICENSE) for full details.
